e-blog: A GNU Emacs interface to Blogger.

Introduction
------------
e-blog is a simple interface for GNU Emacs to post, edit, and delete
Blogger posts.  One might ask, "Why another blogging interface to
Emacs?"  The short answer is that I couldn't find an interface that
worked (or, probably more accurately, that I could _get_ to work).

So, I set out to write one of my own...

Goals
-----
The original goal for e-blog was to provide a command that
I could punch in and be presented with a buffer for writing a new post
to Blogger and send it as if I were writing an e-mail.  That was it.
I didn't have a particular intention of going further with it.

I decided that if I was going to go that far, I may as well include
the other features (updating, deleting) as well.  These features are
now included.

Further goals, at the moment, include removing the dependency on
"curl".  This is possible using `open-network-stream' and will
probably be a goal before the 0.4 release.

For now, here is e-blog 0.3.

Setup/Usage
-----------
There shouldn't be any setup, really.  It should be as simple as:
      (load-file "/path-to-e-blog/e-blog.el")
      (e-blog-new-post)

e-blog will then ask you for your Blogger username and password.  It
will save the authorization code that is returned from Blogger so
that, from within a single Emacs session, it will only need your
username and password once.

NOTE: In this release, you can also move between `+', blog titles,
and posts by using the TAB key.

e-blog will present you with a buffer allowing you to choose which
blog you want to send a post to.  If you only have one blog, it
will still present you with this buffer so that you have the option
of listing and deleting posts.  Simply move point to the name of
the blog that you want to post to and press <Enter>, or click on
the blog title with button-2.

Clicking on the `+' next to a blog title will present you with a list
of posts for that blog.  Clicking on a post title will present you
with a buffer for editing that post.  C-c C-c in this new buffer will
send the updated post to blogger.

Clicking on the `[X]' behind the title of a post will DELETE the post
preceding it.  e-blog DOES NOT ask for confirmation before deleting
the post.  This may change in the future.

If you intend to use e-blog often, you could bind `e-blog-new-post' to
a key.  Personally, I have
      (global-set-key "\C-cb" 'e-blog-new-post)
in my ~/.emacs.

Author
------
Mikey Coulson
<miketcoulson@gmail.com>
